Mamta Didi - has an obsession towards importing Bangladeshi citizens across the fence - for Vote bank. Personal Benefits more important than National’s welfare - hates Modi for above reasons.
Farook Abdullah - Considers Kashmir to be a part of Pakistan. Didn’t open mouth when Kashmiri pundits were thrown away from their homes - But wants to fight Modi.
Naidu Ji - Represents a party, which was formed to fight Congress - But joint hands with Congress for a Special Package - Just for himself not for AP. Hates Modi as he's anti-corrupt.
Mr. Stallin - His father did riots on the name of Anti-Hindi Imposition - but he offers silver sword to Italian Lady married to a Kashmiri /Muslim crossbred. :) He goes to Bengal to give a speech!
HardikPatel - Sex Video Scam, Separatist Agendas - His fake love for Patidhars died a natural death , when Statue of Unity was opened by Modiji. Now he joins with super corrupt parties and claims to fight corruption. :)
DeveGowda - Event at this 83rd year, his greed for money and power never died. He aspires to become PM with this son who has 38 seats acting as a temporary CM.
Irony died a natural death when Hardik Patel Says, "Subash Babu fought the British & we will fight the robbers. " - All that crowd was paid crowd and their response was not even audible.
Akilesh Yadav - Whose brain is more crooked than his nose - joins hands with a lady who called his dad a mad person. 
This collation - common agenda is "Make Modi Lose" - what's the reason? Modiji won’t let them steal as they did in the past. Modiji works 18+ hours a day improving the country.
Mamta Didi – prepared dinner and server by her hands. Thank God – if Sonia was there, she would have performed an item dance and serve liquor. 😊 Sexy bitches of political parties.
Stallin – spoke in Bengali and claimed that Anti-British movement. But DMK helped Sonia to get rid of Rajeev Ji. But Anti-national corrupt parties have joint hands.
Farook Abdullah – Frook ji says that Kashmir is not a part of India. But he is against Modi Government – He was there to present Pakistan.
Congress was excluded form that meeting – because they do not want Rahum Gandhi to become PM. 😊 But a group of jokers claim that, each one of them will become PM.
CNaidu – wanted a special package – not for the people of AP – but for himself. So, he joint hands with Congress but Congress ditched him royally.
CNaidu – self-declared himself to be a PM – but now he has been made to roam around like a mad man. Sorry pity on him.
Mamta – thinks that Sonia or Mayawati are her rivals. So, three women want to become PMs. But they have no regards for what the people of India think.
Consolidated Opposition – although corruption has forced them to unite, their egos and selfish agendas will force them to fight and separate. Sathyameva Jayathe.
Stallin – His party DMK won elections saying that they will do Anti-Hindi protests. But now he goes all the way to North to oppose Modiji. There lies the irony.
Stallin – Their party DMK has looted a lot of money. They have amassed wealth for the next 20 generations. But greed of money and power forces him to go to North.
MahaGatBandhan – Different parties with self-contradicting ideologies have united to nurture dynasty politics and corruption. They try to make all Indian voters a big fool.
Akilesh Yadav – he is the man, who would even steal the tiles and fixtures from a government facility when asked to vacate. So, now he wants free stuff back.
Akilesh – He is contradicting with his own father – their party represents caste/separatism, while Mayawati claims to be a representative of downtrodden communities. 
United Opposition – Corrupt/ dynast parties will be benefitted maximum while common Indian civilians will be cheated. Remember Karza Mafi gotala by Congress.
