There haven’t been a single event of bomb blast or terror in the past 4.5 years. Unlike UPA rule, when so any events have happened.
Grocery prices have been very predictable. All necessary pulses and grams, gasoline etc. have been very reasonable.
GST has consolidated several hidden taxes and helped any common man.
Congress loots public and bribes them on the name of Loan Waivers and cheats them. Modiji empowers public with a saving of 5000Rs per month.
Textile Industry has grown very much, and Khadi has seen maximum sale under Modi government.
Corruption has reduced so much - Commission based culture of Congress has been demolished.
Middleclass common public like our Modiji Himself, Nirmala Ji, and several others have ascended honorable positions under Modi Rule -giving hopes to common public.
Food- has become affordable to a common man - under Modi Ji's rule.
Water - another precious resource has been conserved. Schemes have been made to combine allt he rivers of this country.
Technical Education as a part of High School / post High school is provided to youth to ensure employment for them.
Financial assistance schemes have been made to empower entrepreneurs and run startups - even my middleclass men.
Maximum Lavatories have been built, ensuring a clean and healthy life even for the poor and downtrodden
Make in India - Whether it be mobile factories, or it be Deference Deals, creation of more jobs and making in India has been given top priority.
Medical Costs - even a common man can afford to procure medicines from Govt sponsored shop, as against other shops which loot the public.
Food, Clothing, Shelter, Water & Medicines - all of these have been made affordable to all by Modiji.
Flight costs of private flights have been reduced so much that, within a cost of 8K one can fly around - which a dream for a middle-class man.
Local flights in India was affordable only by rich - but now it's affordable even by common public.
Modi government has assured that every common man, will get his own home to live - which no one has done in the past.
As a middle class man I would like to be part of a growing economy and contribute to a government with visions – not to a dynasty of corrupt anti-nationals.


