Pinarayi Vijayan has paid 1000 Rs per woman, and a saree to instigate our xian and Muslim sisters to fight against Shabari Mala.
Shamelessness has no limits - Kerala is becoming like another Syria. Terror and Jihadis have been given free hands.
Protests and fights are not happening democratic - it seems to be for the instigation of riots and not for the welfare of the society.
We cannot equate triple-talaq to this temple issue - this is very specific to that temple but not related to woman equality.
If women themselves want to honor the tradition, and do not want to visit the temple. But CPI want to create riots.
All the issues in Kerala have been instigated by CPI goons - our Xian and Muslim brothers and sisters would never do anything like this.
When the state has not been recovered from the devastating floods, already riots started on the name of women entry.
If Pinarayi Vijayan can focus on the development of Kerala vigilantly instead of taking communist women in the disguise of men, it will be good.
Removal of Loud Speakers from Mosques - this has never been implemented by CPI goons. Minority Appeasement.
West Bengal & Kerala have become hubs of ISIS activities - this needs to be nailed down.
CPI goons are funded by anti-nationals and they instigate violence to destabilize the nation.
Pilgrims from Karnataka, to Sabarimala Temple have been stoned by CPI goons.
Anti-national CPI goons, Missionaries and other orgs have all come together to destroy the holy tradition of Shabarimala.
In the Jacobite-Orthodox Church verdict, CPI - doesn’t want to hurt the sentiments of Xian’s, but they harass harmless devotees of Ayyappa.
Three BJP party workers have been killed. One of them were even stoned to death - reminds me of ISIS style murders.
When there were floods in Kerala, RSS workers worked day and night to help the affected - irrespective of religion. But now they are killed by CPI goons.
When there were floods in Kerala, Vijayan went to USA to get treatment - but now he wants to instigate riots.
Temple money is eaten by CPI goons and in turn temple traditions are ruined and devotees attacked. 
CPI is taking us towards a path where, Kerala will become another Somalia or Ethiopia. Very dangerous.
Swamiye Sharanam Ayyappa Swamiye Sharanam Ayyappa
Haraiharaputhran Ananda Chithan Ayyan Ayyappa Swamiye Sahran Ayyappa