Democracy has won finally! We needed that almost 70 years back. Our Muslim brothers and sisters must be taken out of their medieval mindset.
Unfortunately, Congress has been appeasing minorities instead of working for their upliftment. Finally, Modiji Made it.
Obviously, Congress will give it a communal image and try to gain political advantage - but this is 100% democratic.
When AMIM Chief Owaisi ji himself was sitting there to pass amendments, fake Congis ran away - that's their involvement in the democratic process. I was shocked.
All that Congress can do is to steal public money and blame Modiji for everything. Neither do they like constitution nor our democracy. Money & Dynasty.
My heartiest Congrats to Muktar Abbas Naqwi Sahab for his brilliant speech in the parliament – that’s how our minorities should be uplifted.
All this should have happened after 1947 and Kashmir must have been integrated with India with no preamble. Mama Nehru screwed it up.
Meenakshi leki ji beautifully delivered a speech and wont the hearts of all Indians. She even quoted form the Quran.
Smriti Irani ji – she roared like a lioness, Little jackals like Jyothi Aditya, pappu, Italian bartender ran away. ??
Once again Modiji and his team of brilliant ministers had prevented hat, their agenda is “Sab kaa Sath”, & Sab Kaa Vikas. Un beatable. Bharath matha Ki Jai.
All the fake leaders, corrupt congis- their colors were shown to this universe. Hats off to BJP and Owaisi JI. Democracy wins.
Supriya Sule was talking about some Kulakrni married to a Muslim etc.. – Why beat around the bush? He only aim was to appease minorities.
Uplifting minorities vs Appeasing Minorities – we need upliftment. Not appeasement.
If not now this will never happen in India. Modiji has proven his track record once again.
Unlike CPI goons, who beat the devotees and take revenge on harmless people BJP delivered on what they promised.
Modiji’s glories will be known and seen by the entire World now. How will bartendors from Italy know the value of a true Indian?
Selling tea and living honestly is much better than selling liquor and giving adult services to cheat the world.
Pappu looked very disturbed – overdosed with liqor and smoke – he looked like “Please allow me to party again”.
Modiji and his crew were truly right wing – they were glazing like Sun and Stars – Congis were looking like some random rats inside a shit hole. Sathyameva Jayathe.
Every single citizen of this country must live parliament shows – only then he/she would understand the lies of corrupt Congis and the authenticity of Modiji & his crew.
Mallikarjun Kharge was talking absolute nonsense. His own colleagues were looking at him with mockery – Pappu was drunk. Sorry pappy and Shri Sonia ji had to break their party.
